[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
I can’t stand still, I can’t stop
jitto dekinai tomarenai
Daybreak hasn’t come yet and I can’t wait
yoake ga osokute jirettai
One, two, Sunshine four...WE GO!
ichi, ni, Sunshine yon...we go!
Fly the flag, Break of Romance Dawn
hata wo ageyou Break of Romance Dawn
Make waves, jump from your sleep
namikaze tateyou suriipu kara no janpusutaato
If you want to go to the unbelievable world
arienai sekai wo iku nara
your toughness, that’s what it takes
kimi no tafunesu sore ga hitsuyou
Being brazen, is it a crime?
medachisugi sorette tsumi?
Wanted->means Winner:D
shimeitehai->tsumari Winner
Freedom is our only rule
jiyuu dakega ore tachi no ruuru
It's not our way to worry
shinpai nante dokofuku kaze--
At any cost, One Piece, I’ll be the first
ttai one piece ichibannori
My dreaming heart is huge
yume miru kokoro wa choo dekai
It’s important not to wake up
samenai koto ga daiji--
I can’t stand still, I can’t stop
tto dekinai tomarenai
Daybreak hasn’t come yet and I can’t wait
yoake ga osokute jirettai
One, two, Sunshine four...WE GO!
ichi, ni, Sunshine yon...we go!
We...made it this far
ore tachi wa...koko made kitaze
We go...to where the dream is
ore tachi wa iku...yume no arika e
We won’t left anyone behind
dare mo oitekanaize--
Keep going forward, that’s our pledge
nshin aru nomi sore ga chikai
Since the day that the dream began
yume ga hajimatta ano hi kara
the future that I’m
aiming at hasn’t changed
mezasu mirai wa onaji--
I can’t stand still, I can’t stop
tto dekinai tomarenai
The sun of my heart will never set
kokoro no taiyou shizumanai
One, two, Sunshine
ichi, ni, Sunshine
One, two, Sunshine four...WE GO!
ichi, ni, Sunshine yon...we go!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew underwent
special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, they return to the
Sabaody Archipelago
and move forward to the
next stage of their journey:
The New World.
Well.
[ZORO] Oh, yeah?
Nobody else has shown up?
How 'bout you check
that poster again?
If your bounty is under 70
million, then we don't want you.
So why don't you take your weak
ass back to pirate daycare?
Too late.
I'm only going to say this once.
You can take your
offer and shove it,
'cause I'm way out
of your league.
Special Attack, Green Star...
..."Devil"!
[FAKE NAMI screaming]
Hey there, beautiful.
Can I buy you a drink?
[NAMI gasps]
[chuckles]
[SOUL KING FANS cheering]
Come on, baby!
[SOUL KING FANS]
Yeah!
I love you down to my...
[SOUL KING FANS]
...bones!
[SANJI]
I hope not!
Thanks for the ride and say
hi to Iva, but go away!
[ROBIN]
Brook is holding a concert
and the Straw Hats are
looking for new recruits?
Goodness, I've been
gone for too long.
[FRANKY] Sorry to keep
you waitin', Sunny.
We'll be sailin' off soon.
[chuckles]
[BOTH gasp]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Uh?
Oops. Didn't see ya there.
Sorry 'bout that. See ya.
Get back here!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[LUFFY] "An Explosive Situation!
Luffy vs. Fake Luffy!"
[WOMAN A chuckles]
Not good.
[HANCOCK] There in the distance
is Sabaody Archipelago.
Forgive me, Luffy,
but we will have to say
our goodbyes here.
We cannot let anyone discover
the nature of our relationship.
[LUFFY]
Uh-huh.
[HANCOCK]
I've prepared...
...a disguise for you.
[LUFFY]
Ha-ha. Are you kidding?
I can't pull that look off!
Perhaps. But I would still feel
more at ease if you took it.
[LUFFY]
All right.
[HANCOCK]
You must be careful.
Keep your face hidden
at all times.
The world may believe you've
been dead these last two years,
but that won't stop anyone
from recognizing you
the first time you
get into trouble.
So if you ever want
to set sail again,
you'll take my advice to heart.
[LUFFY]
Thanks. I'll try.
You're welcome.
Now, for supplies,
I've loaded your backpack
with 50 changes of
clothes, 1,000 lunches,
handkerchiefs, and tissues.
You'll also find three
years' worth of water,
snacks, and bug bite ointment.
There's also five years' worth
of towels, toothbrushes,
plenty of soaps, hand creams,
and lots of silverware.
That is entirely too much!
[HANCOCK giggles]
Well, I hope you can
find all your friends.
[LUFFY] Thanks again for getting
me here and all the other stuff.
[MARGARET chuckles]
We were more than
happy to help you.
Your most difficult trials
may still be ahead of you.
I hear that Sabaody has
become a den of crime.
[NYON]
Mh-hm.
And because of that, the Navy
has been keeping a tight watch
over the goings-on there
as of late, my boy.
So be sure to take extra care!
[LUFFY]
Right.
[HANCOCK]
If you ever need assistance,
the full force of the Kuja
Pirates will come rushing
to your aide at a
moment's notice.
Please, don't hesitate
to call on us.
Also, would you be willing
to do me a favor?
Yeah, maybe. Long as
it's not getting married.
No, no.
All I ask is that,
when you leave,
you do so without
saying "farewell."
That all?
I've never said that to
anyone before, so sure!
Besides, I wanna see you again!
[HANCOCK squeals]
[chuckles]
[LUFFY]
All right! I'm outta here!
[AMAZONS bidding adieu]
You take care!
[HANCOCK]
Oh, my.
He wants to see me again.
That's practically
a... a proposal!
No, it's not!
Hancock told me I gotta stay
outta trouble and lay low.
I don't wanna fight this guy.
Hey, dummy. Did you
run into me on purpose?
[MAN AA] Oh, no. He's gonna
kill that poor guy!
[SANJI]
You're kidding me.
You're saying the swordsman
who barely knows
left from right got here first?
Well, whaddaya know?
Maybe he learned how to read
a map while he was training.
After him came Franky,
about ten days ago now,
but he headed back out to go see
if your ship was
doing all right.
I hope that means the
Sunny is in good shape.
[RAYLEIGH] Of course. There
isn't a single scratch on it.
We finished the coating, too.
[SANJI]
That's good to hear.
Just make sure you give
credit where credit's due.
Even if he don't, there's no
shame in a wound of honor.
[FISH RIDERS]
It's time for some R'n'R!
Who knew you'd be so
dedicated to the cause?
Your stubbornness came in handy.
Y'mean my looks?
[DUVAL laughs]
Don't mention it.
I owed you one anyway!
Come rain or shine,
it changed nothin'.
Dangerous pirates from all
over came to take that ship.
Didn't matter how
bad I was hurt,
I defended it day after day.
'Cause I knew all these
bruises would be worth it!
[BOTH]
You're so amazing, sir!
Pirates messed
you up? Come on.
What's the real
story here, Duval?
Don't be impatient.
I'm tryin' to build up the
suspense here, y'know?
Y'see...
[SHAKKY] The third member of
your crew to arrive was Nami.
Nami!
That's great! Is she still here?
She decided to kill time by
getting some shopping done.
C'mon, don'tcha wanna hear
the rest of I story?
Nami's shopping. Nami's
shopping. Nami's shopping...
The fourth one to arrive
was Usopp three days ago,
who also went into town
Followed by Chopper,
who showed up yesterday.
Brook's made it, too.
He's putting on a concert
for the islanders today.
[SANJI]
No way.
Whoa. Well, I'll be damned.
You're the last to stop by,
which makes seven in total.
Not that I expected any less,
but almost the entire crew has
made it back in good time.
[RAYLEIGH] That's right. Only
Nico Robin and Luffy remain.
Getting to this island in the
first place is a difficult task
for any crew to accomplish.
And yet, you've made
it twice. What can I say?
You must be eager to
see each other again.
Yeah.
And by the way, I still can't
believe you trained Luffy
while we were gone.
He must be crazy strong now.
He's been on his own
these last six months.
I can't wait to see how his
skills have developed.
[SANJI]
Now that you... mention it.
I can't wait to see
how Nami's developed,
if you know what I'm sayin'!
[RAYLEIGH]
I should've expected that.
Hey. Are you all right?
Heh. I endured two years
of arduous training
just like everybody else.
I'm more resilient than ever.
Showing no sign of seduction.
[DUVAL]
Tch.
[FISH RIDERS]
You have to wipe yer nose
before anyone believes that!
[gunshot]
[WOMAN E screaming]
[PEOPLE chattering]
[MAN B]
Run!
Those lousy thugs!
Always fighting!
[MAN BB] I kinda thought the
pirates were gonna settle down
once Whitebeard died.
[MAN CC]
Man, I wish!
Instead, they're coming in
from all over the place.
We're overrun with them! Our
entire island is a lawless mess!
It's dangerous. I had no
idea things were so bad.
[PIRATE C yells]
Have ya learned your lesson?!
It may look like Blackbeard,
Kid, and Drake
are runnin' things in the New
World, but look again!
Now, it's only a matter
of time until we follow.
I mean, beat them
at their own game!
[PIRATES]
Yeah!
[MAN D]
Uh?
It can't be.
[MAN E] The rumors are true,
just like I thought.
The Navy didn't kill
them two years ago.
They didn't even capture them.
And now they're
back on the island,
ready to start trouble again.
Right, and ever since
they got back here,
they've become the most powerful
pirate group on the island, too.
The Straw Hats. They're here.
[CHOPPER]
Really? Is it Nami? Or Usopp?
No. It's too soon.
That's "Pirate Hunter" Zoro.
He's got a 120
million Berry bounty.
[MAN E] And "Black Foot"
Sanji's with him.
His bounty's up to 77 million.
[MAN E] But that's nothing
when you consider
that Nico Robin there's had
a bounty since she was eight.
She's worth 80 million.
Then there's their pet,
the cotton-candy-lover
Tony Tony Chopper.
Fifty Berry bounty.
[MAN EE]
Pocket change!
Let me through! Is Luffy there?
Hey! Move! You're
blocking my view!
This is the perfect
opportunity for us!
Let's take 'em!
[PIRATE CAPTAIN A]
Wait!
Why are you holdin'
us back, Captain?
If we cause trouble with them,
there's nothin' that'll
stop Straw Hat Luffy
from comin' after our heads.
We don't need that kind of
fight barrelin' down on us.
Especially not right before
we go to the New World.
[BOTH chuckle]
[CHOPPER]
Hey! Zoro, Sanji!
Stop! Robin, wait for me!
[FAKE ZORO]
Huh?
I think that raccoon's
tryin' to talk to us.
[FAKE SANJI] Huh? Are you
listenin' to yourself, man?
Everybody knows
raccoons can't talk.
Are you sure?
I can't believe you were the
first one to make it here, Zoro!
I thought you'd
get lost for sure.
And, Sanji, Robin, I'm glad to
see you made it safe and sound!
Ya see, what'd I tell ya?
I dunno what that's
supposed to be,
but it could spell big trouble
for us if we're not careful.
Let's go.
Hey, slow down!
Don't leave me behind, you guys!
Our target, Nico Robin,
has Devil Fruit powers.
We can't afford to fight
someone like her alone.
Our only hope is to try
and catch her off guard.
It's been a while.
Surely the others have
made it back by now.
I can't wait for Nami
and Robin to get here
so they can try my new
and improved recipes!
But before they can,
I'll have to make sure
the Sunny's kitchen
is up to my standards.
I'd better stock it
full of ingredients!
Was that... Sanji?
So whaddaya gotta
say for yourself?
Ya can't tell me you didn't know
who I was when ya
crashed in ta me.
Why do it?
Were you just tryin' to
make a fool outta me?
'Cause if so, I don't like
bein' shown up in public.
After all, I have a reputation
and a 400 million Berry
bounty to uphold.
But you can make it up
to me... by kneeling.
Beg for your life and
I might feel generous.
[FAKE FRANKY,
FAKE NAMI chuckle]
[MAN G]
Come on.
Just apologize already!
[MAN FF] Don't you have
something you wanna live for?
[FAKE LUFFY]
Heh.
Well, kid? What'cha thinkin'?
You screwed up and
now it's time to pay!
So, speak up.
Please! Take a look
at that brat.
Obviously you scared
him silent, Captain!
[FAKE NAMI laughs]
I can't blame the kid.
After that guy with the schnoz
and that chick with the long
hair picked a fight with us,
we're in a worse
mood than usual.
Now, if you don't wanna be
our personal punching bag,
you'd best ask forgiveness.
Kneel! Get down in the dirt!
Forget your pride.
Otherwise, you're gonna end up
throwin' your life away
over some small mistake.
After all, our captain's trigger
finger can be a little twitchy.
[chuckles]
[MAN H]
C'mon, kid, just do it!
You shouldn't mess around
with Straw Hat Luffy!
[MAN I] You're gonna die if
you don't do what he says!
[LUFFY]
All right, look. I'm sorry.
Now I got somewhere to be.
[ALL]
What's wrong with you?
Bad move. Say goodbye, punk!
[WOMAN C screams]
[ALL gasping]
[MAN GG]
What happened?
[MAN HH] Hey. That guy...
Did he do somethin'?
[LUFFY]
Guess Hancock was right.
Maybe I do need to
wear that thing.
[CHOPPER]
Hey, guys! What's the matter?
C'mon, talk to me!
I thought you'd be more
excited to see me,
but you're acting weird!
From the looks of things,
you've all changed a lot
over these last two years.
But, I mean,
we're still friends,
so why are you ignoring me?
Yo, man. It's not leaving.
Oh, you must be shy 'cause of
how much I've changed, too!
And if you ask me,
that furball knows a little bit
too much about us "Straw Hats,"
if you know what I mean.
Yeah, I do, and ya gotta
wonder why that is.
Maybe we can find
the answer here.
[FAKE ZORO]
Uh! No, it can't be!
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
That's the real deal
cotton-candy-lovin'
Tony Tony Chopper!
The pet's comin' home!
So we all look a little
different than we used to,
who cares?
He must've been abandoned
on this island when they died
and has been living
in the wild ever since.
And now he's following us around
because he thinks his masters
have finally come back for him.
We should ditch the mutt
and take him instead.
If we have their real pet,
no one will ever doubt that
we're the Straw Hats again!
Sounds good. What's he eat?
[FAKE SANJI]
Probably cotton candy.
We ain't got none o' that!
[FAKE CHOPPER grunting]
[FAKE ROBIN]
Get! We don't need you no more!
[gasps]
[FAKE ROBIN]
C'mere, boy, ya hungry?
[roars]
Yum. Right?
[CHOPPER]
You're kinda freaking me out!
[BLACK SUIT MAN A]
Now!
[FAKE ROBIN]
Huh?
[CHOPPER]
Robin!
Hey! Stop! Come back!
Who were those creeps?
Oh, no! This is
a real emergency!
What're we gonna do now?
I guess we should tell
Captain Luffy, right?
Maybe he knows how
to handle this mess.
Wait! I didn't know Luffy was
back on the island already!
You're right. And he'll
have new recruits by now.
That's great!
With the extra might,
we'll save Robin for sure!
Let's go get our friend back!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[BOTH chuckle]
[BLACK SUIT MAN A]
Calling from Sabaody!
We've secured Nico Robin!
We've also caught some fox thing
that won't stop biting her head.
I shouldn't be worried
if Franky is so fired up.
The Sunny will be just fine
until I make my way back
with all of the, uh...
Ah!
Viva Sabaody!
Gotta stay focused, Sanji.
Your first priority is finding
the best ingredients you can
for the crew's meals.
Oh, boy! Beautiful!
I've been needing a lady
just like you in my life!
And once the pantry is stocked,
I'll make something really
special for both Robin and Nami.
The only problem is,
nothing in this market
is really standing out.
What should I do?
Gotcha. That's a tough spot.
But your best bet is the shop
on the beach. In Grove 42.
[SANJI]
Thank you! I'll head there now!
Yo! Fisherman, you in?
Lookin' for some good
stock at a low price.
Huh? This the place?
[OLD FISHERMAN A whimpering]
[SANJI]
Hm?
Hey, you run this shack?
What's the matter?
It's something awful!
That green-haired man's gone!
Aw, crap. All right,
old man, spill it.
I can't believe this
has happened to me!
Well, y'see, uh...
[ZORO] Hey, gramps. I was
lookin' to do some fishing.
Huh?
No offense, young man,
but I wouldn't exactly peg
you as the fishing type.
[ZORO]
Normally you'd be right.
I'm supposed to be meeting
some friends on this island,
but they haven't made it yet,
so I'm bored outta my skull.
So I need something to keep
me entertained while I wait.
You think you can
help me out, or not?
Sure. I'll finish getting
everything we need ready,
and then meet you on my
boat right over there.
And that's all I said to him.
To be clear, did this
guy have three swords
and a belly warmer?
Yes, he did! And he had a
deep scar on his eye, too!
How'd ya know?
Scar's new.
Is this him?
Yeah!
He said he'd been waiting
on some friends to show.
That must be you.
[SANJI]
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
Y'see, I told him to
wait on my fishing boat
while I was getting ready, and
I pointed right at the thing,
but when I came outside,
he'd made a huge mistake!
No! Young man!
You've got it wrong!
You're on a pirate ship!
Now, men, it's time we set sail
for the New World we've
been dreaming of!
The wait is over!
[PIRATES]
Yeah!
Come on, please!
You have to wake up!
You got on the wrong ship!
[OLD FISHERMAN A]
Since they went underwater,
I'd guess there were headed
to Fishman Island.
That idiot!
[SANJI] Should've known him
showing up here first
was too good to be true.
Wouldn't be Zoro if he didn't
get lost somewhere.
Aren't you worried at all?
They might kill him
on that ship!
It's fine, don't get worked up.
This is pretty standard
fare, actually.
Better than usual, even,
since we know where
he's going for once.
Now, would you mind selling
me some fish already?
I don't think you understand.
[MEN chattering]
[MAN N]
Whoa! See that?
[SANJI]
Hm?
[OLD FISHERMAN A]
Huh?
[MAN II] Look at the waves!
Somethin's coming up!
[SANJI]
Hm?
[MAN JJ]
But what?
[MAN KK]
It must be huge!
[MEN gasp]
[MEN]
Whoa!
[MAN LL]
That's a galleon ship!
[MAN O]
It must've had poor coating
and was crushed under
the water pressure!
No, it has to be the
work of Sea Kings!
[MAN MM] But it looks like
it's been cut in half.
Like someone attacked it!
No way! Just think for a second!
Who in the world could do that?
Damn you! Tell me why!
How could you just
ruin our dreams
of reaching the New
World like this?
[ZORO]
Call it a twist of fate.
That's what brought this
plague upon your ship.
And there's no one for you
to blame but yourselves.
Are you kidding me?
[MAN P]
Look!
Who the heck is that guy?
Oh, great. Back already...
...and he's still a
pain in the ass.
That... wasn't my ride.
[NARRATOR] One by one,
the Straw Hats reunite
as they prepare to depart
for the New World
as soon as possible.
However, Sentomaru and
the Navy have yet again
amassed a team of Pacifistas,
threatening to repear
the same tragedy
that drove the crew from
Sabaody two years ago.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Navy Has Set Out!
The Straw Hats in Danger!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!